{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red150\green204\blue255;\red15\green16\blue16;\red173\green176\blue178;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c64706\c83922\c100000;\cssrgb\c7059\c7451\c7843;\cssrgb\c73333\c74510\c74902;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20980\viewh19100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\
  "id": "L-01",\
  "type": "L_bracket",\
  "application": "Mount LiDAR sensor to robot frame",\
  "loads": \{"force_N": 50, "direction": "down"\},\
  "geometry_constraints": \{"envelope_mm": [80, 60, 60], "max_offset_mm": 50\},\
  "mounting": \{\
    "wall_bolts": \{"count": 2, "size": "M5"\},\
    "part_bolts": \{"count": 2, "size": "M4"\}\
  \},\
  "material": "Aluminum 6061-T6",\
  "manufacturing": "CNC",\
  "constraints": \{"max_deflection_mm": 0.5, "safety_factor": 2\}\
\}\
\
\
\{\
  "id": "L-02",\
  "type": "L_bracket",\
  "application": "Mount 200W servo motor",\
  "loads": \{"force_N": 300, "direction": "down", "moment_Nm": 20\},\
  "geometry_constraints": \{"envelope_mm": [150, 120, 120], "max_offset_mm": 100\},\
  "mounting": \{\
    "wall_bolts": \{"count": 4, "size": "M6"\},\
    "part_bolts": \{"count": 4, "size": "M5"\}\
  \},\
  "material": "Aluminum 6061-T6",\
  "manufacturing": "CNC",\
  "constraints": \{"max_deflection_mm": 1.0, "safety_factor": 2.5\}\
\}\
\
\
\{\
  "id": "L-15",\
  "type": "L_bracket",\
  "application": "Mount gearbox to frame",\
  "loads": \{"force_N": 2000, "direction": "down", "moment_Nm": 150\},\
  "geometry_constraints": \{"envelope_mm": [200, 200, 150], "max_offset_mm": 150\},\
  "mounting": \{\
    "wall_bolts": \{"count": 6, "size": "M10"\},\
    "part_bolts": \{"count": 4, "size": "M8"\}\
  \},\
  "material": "Steel A36",\
  "manufacturing": "Welded + machined",\
  "constraints": \{"max_deflection_mm": 0.8, "safety_factor": 3\}\
\}\
\
\
\{\
  "id": "G-10",\
  "type": "gusseted_bracket",\
  "application": "Warehouse shelf support",\
  "loads": \{"force_N": 3000, "direction": "down"\},\
  "geometry_constraints": \{"envelope_mm": [300, 250, 200]\},\
  "mounting": \{"bolts": \{"count": 4, "size": "M10"\}\},\
  "material": "Steel",\
  "manufacturing": "Welded",\
  "constraints": \{"max_deflection_mm": 2, "safety_factor": 3\}\
\}\
\
\{\
  "id": "U-10",\
  "type": "U_bracket",\
  "application": "Hydraulic cylinder mount",\
  "loads": \{"force_N": 20000, "direction": "axial"\},\
  "geometry_constraints": \{"envelope_mm": [300, 150, 120]\},\
  "pin": \{"diameter_mm": 40\},\
  "material": "Steel 4140",\
  "manufacturing": "Forged + machined",\
  "constraints": \{"safety_factor": 3\}\
\}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Design an inside-corner reinforcement bracket for joining two perpendicular mounting surfaces at an internal 90 degree corner. The bracket is mounted across the corner and attaches to both intersecting planes. Use a coordinate system in which the corner line is parallel to z, the two mounting planes are x = 0 and y = 0, and the bracket occupies the positive-x positive-y region near the corner. The bracket body must fit inside an axis-aligned bounding box with x in [0, 70] mm, y in [0, 70] mm, and z in [-45, 45] mm. The mounting interfaces are two perpendicular planes meeting at the corner. The x = 0 plane contains two 6.6 mm diameter mounting holes centered at (0, 18, -22) mm and (0, 18, 22) mm. The y = 0 plane contains two 6.6 mm diameter mounting holes centered at (18, 0, -22) mm and (18, 0, 22) mm. The bracket must withstand a static load cases of 1200 N downward in negative z. Use ASTM A36 steel with elastic modulus 200 GPa, Poisson ratio 0.29, yield strength 250 MPa, and density 7850 kg/m^3. Assume machined single-body manufacturing with minimum thickness 5 mm, minimum internal fillet radius 3 mm, and no undercuts. The objective is to minimize bracket mass while keeping maximum displacement at the load interface below 1.0 mm and maximum von Mises stress below 83.3 MPa.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Design a wall-mounted cantilever L-bracket for supporting a light equipment load. The bracket consists of two perpendicular legs joined at 90 degrees. One leg mounts to a vertical wall and the other projects horizontally outward to support the load. Use a coordinate system in which x is the projection direction from the wall toward the load interface, y is the horizontal lateral direction along the wall, and z is vertical upward. The bracket body must fit inside an axis-aligned bounding box with x in [0, 100] mm, y in [-30, 30] mm, and z in [-50, 50] mm. The wall mounting plane is at x = 0. The wall-side interface consists of two 8.5 mm diameter bolt holes centered at (0, 0, -25) mm and (0, 0, 25) mm. The bracket must withstand one static load cases of 1000 N downward in negative z. Use ASTM A36 steel with elastic modulus 200 GPa, Poisson ratio 0.29, yield strength 250 MPa, and density 7850 kg/m^3. Assume machined-plate manufacturing with minimum thickness 6 mm, minimum internal fillet radius 3 mm, and no undercuts. The objective is to minimize bracket mass while keeping maximum displacement at the load interface below 1.5 mm and maximum von Mises stress below 83.3 MPa\cf4 \strokec4 .\
\
\cf2 \strokec2 Design a wall-mounted bracket for a residential stair handrail. The bracket must support a 38 mm diameter round handrail whose centerline is located 75 mm outward from the wall. The wall-side interface consists of two 5.5 mm diameter fastener holes representing attachment to a wood stud. The handrail interface is a saddle attachment for the round rail using a 120 degree saddle band with 20 mm axial width. Apply each service load as a distributed load over the saddle contact patch, with the equivalent resultant passing through the rail geometric center. The bracket must withstand one static load case at the rail interface of 900 N downward. Use steel. The objective is to minimize bracket mass while keeping maximum displacement at the rail interface below 2.0 mm and maximum von Mises stress below 100.0 MPa.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}